Lalzarliani Malsawma,malsawma,Mayoral,false,"The vision [God has] given me is to help make College Park a place where no evil can thrive."

This is Malsawma’s second time running for mayor of College Park. She ran in the 2017 elections, finishing with the fewest votes among the four mayoral candidates.

Malsawma, who goes by “Zari,” has lived in College Park for about 46 years, after immigrating to the U.S. from India with her family in 1973. If elected, Malsawma said she wants to make College Park a city “like none there’s ever been” and where “no evil can thrive.”

“My vision for College Park is to make it a city where God’s name is hallowed, where his kingdom comes, and his will is done,” Malsawma said at an Oct. 28 forum for the mayoral candidates.

During another candidate forum on Oct. 18, she said she felt “compelled to run” when Mayor Patrick Wojahn, who is gay, started campaigning in 2015. She has also said Wojahn’s goal to make College Park an LGBTQ-friendly is “totally against” her “Christian beliefs.” However, Malsawma stressed she does not hate people who identify as LGBTQ or discriminate against them — she just disagrees with them “about their sexuality.”

Malsawma said one of the main focuses of her campaign is promoting unity in the city.

“I would like for us to come together and develop a sense of identity that transcends our diversity,” Malsawma said at the Oct. 28 forum.

At that forum, Malsawma said she feels the city’s partnership with the University of Maryland has “gone overboard,” and recent College Park development has been geared toward helping the university become one of the best in the U.S.

Non-student residents are forgotten under the city’s current relationship with the university, Malsawma said. If elected, she wants to work on having a “separate university and city … where neither is consumed by the other and each is keeping the other accountable.”

Malsawma said she is excited to have the opportunity to share her vision with people, and she hopes it encourages council members and candidates. She turned down repeated requests to be interviewed.
