Patrick Wojahn
wojahn
Mayoral
true
"There’s a lot more that we have left to do."

Incumbent Patrick Wojahn is running for his third term as mayor of College Park. Last election, he won the most contested mayoral race in the city’s history, beating out three other candidates.

“I love this community. I love how diverse it is, how exciting it is, how vibrant it is,” Wojahn said. “We have these great neighborhoods where there’s a great diversity of people coming from all over the world.”

Over his four years as mayor, Wojahn said one of the things he’s most proud of is enhancing the partnership between the city and the University of Maryland, which he’s said he’s done through his work of “getting City Hall across the finish line.”

After years of planning, the construction of College Park’s new city hall is moving forward — a project the city and the university are working together to complete. Wojahn said the relationship between the two grew tighter as they pushed the development through the planning and pre-construction phases.

Wojahn said he hopes to continue working with the university next year when it’s led by a new president.

Additionally, if re-elected, Wojahn wants to keep making the city a more attractive place to live by enhancing areas in the city other than downtown and the Hollywood Commercial District, which Wojahn said the council has focused on for years.

Wojahn’s campaign also centers on sustainability, as he believes climate change is “one of the greatest challenges we face.” As mayor, he wants to work toward decreasing the city’s environmental impact by looking at its stormwater management system and improving its bike lanes and trail networks.

In addition, Wojahn wants to find new ways to interact with residents outside of council meetings. He said he hopes to utilize social media and other “non-traditional means” to let residents know the city is “here to serve them,” and that he and council members want to hear their input and ideas.

Wojahn’s three major goals of engagement, sustainability and “smart growth and city revitalization” — which deals with city development — are already aims the council has, but he wants to go the extra mile.

“We’ve started a lot, there’s a lot more that we have left to do.” he said. “I would be honored and humbled to be able to continue the work that we’ve done.”
